re-organizes and fixes typos and sentencing (#87)
AaltoScienceIT/scicomp-docs: triton/tut/storage.rst

Avoid many small files! Use a few big ones instead. (we have a
:doc:`dedicated page <../usage/smallfiles>` on the matter)

Available data storage options
==============================

.. include:: ../ref/storage.rst

Home directories
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The place you start when you log in.  Home directory should be used for init files, 
small config files, etc.  It is however not suitable for storing calculation data. 

> Home directories are daily backuped.  You usually want to use scratch instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Home directories are backed up daily.  You usually want to use scratch instead.
```

scratch and work: Lustre
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Scratch is the big, high-performance, 2PB Triton storage.  It is the primary

> place for calculations, data analyzes etc. It is not backuped but is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
place for calculations, data analyzes etc. It is not backed up but is
```

   g) I can't install my own Python/R/etc libraries.

What's next?

> ==========

Reviewer: ```suggestion
============
```
does anyone else see how github actions inserts the CI warnings right here in the document in the right place?  That's pretty neat.
